Jan : I wanted to Give gift to world that no one has given the gift like this from 1000 year back and 1000 year upcomming.
MAR : All good thing from wait
Mar : har 5 minutes ka hisaab maago.
Feb : One human being ko Marne ke baad 84 lakh loniyo se gujar na padhata hai.
Feb ; One day I will dye.
Jan : Complete day revision at night, improve IQ , memory, retrieval, ram.
Jan : Meditation Gives everything.
My ritual
If you have to increase the absorption power of any thing recall each,and every movement of day that where your chetna is their at particular movement, what you are feeling may be it's 1 hour for revision.When revision from top to bottom , stop on that point doo the chintan.
1) night revision details - *(abortion/registration, retation , recallation )Improve IQ, memory, Registration,retation, recalls, help in problem solving. Data revision is most important (1 to 1.5 hours).
2) Morning last 7(fast/slow) only data revision. - that keep track of week, month , 3 month , year, 5 year ,10 year target.
3) Shambhawi mudra Meditation 21 minutes - help in creating nurous, help in everything.
4) Make Daily routine at night that always be in your back of mind.
4.1) Habits of tracking every 15 minutes,30 minutes.high expectations and faith Like tumko add Diya Gaye to kar logo n all round interview me ,Like koi product ko million logo ke pass pahuch dogo to duniya ka sabse Amir isaan baan sakte hoo n.
5)During desire and faith for 15 minutes.
6)yoga - for health and active , cure all the disease ,have infinite benefits.
7)yoge nidra - important.
8) personality, Communication,think and grow rich book


Jan : try to use old patter and other experience(book) to unblock your potential.
jan : Live the life in 10 rule (success of ladder , Think and grow rich)
jan : Ronado and virat kohli ayesa body language mat rakho.
jan  : Elun musk and billgate Jaisa mindset rakho.
Jan : time hote hi samajdhar ban gawoo.
Feb : sabko baat ko samjho ,partu faisaa apna loo(manipal hospital)
Feb : Recall full day in details before going for sleep.
Feb :Jo bhi hum Kam karte usme nahi hum kush hote hai nahi dukhi hote hai balki focus hote hai  example : chess player , boxer
Feb : mudra is also important because different - different mudra have different values.
Feb : chinta mat Karo bhai chintan Karo.
Feb : If you are understanding something you can solve it.
Feb : bhai Jo tumko kya -kya chig karna hai.tumhare mind me dhumte rahna chahiye.
Feb : Tuesday ko kabhi banana lene gao to test Karo ki pakka hue hai ki nahi
Feb : Kabhi bhi pannic mat ho bhai.
Feb : daily Kam ka backup lo powerbi
Feb : do not try to make them understand try to listen senior (try to resolve your dout)
Feb : beginner   intermediate Advanced. (task completion).
Feb : if you are telling any one to do something , think about your plan.(Like I asked for srikant bro)
Feb : Bangalore me 60% log Hindi bolte hai.
Feb : parag Parikh flexi cap fund is best for sip.
Feb : yesterday ka issue fix Karo koi bhi meating me Jane se pahle.
Feb : 5 menutes prepared before meating.
Feb : three thing never forget today night recall, morning recall , meditation 
Feb :if you know something, or if you do not able to recall something, first learn or revision it for completing the task.
Feb : banana agar bahar mile to rate chech kar ke lele hai.
Feb : if 6AM me uthana hai to 10:30 go to bed .
Feb : Hamko Morning work ko lekar fix and plan rahana hoga taki subah ka time weste mat hoo 
Feb : data retrieval / data registration/ Problem Solveing.(Learning)
Jan : Do not think about the futher and past 
,but take learning from past , Have a goal for future, live in present, focused on present work. 
Be realistic and Practical 

Jan: Jo important hai usko revision karna Jaruri hai(Power bi developing application).
Jan : Important of sleep (elum musk told take sleep 6:30 hrs proper)
Feb : Agar task completed ho jata hai to take rest for 1 hrs 2 har 30 minutes.
Feb : Make it everything thing simple
Feb : Jo bhi Kam karna hai Kam kar ke complete Karo .
Feb : Till not got placed try go to bed 10:30 PM and Wake up at 6:00 AM
Jan : when I have Learning new things I should go slow.
Feb : Koi bhai traveling/tripe par ja rahe ho to Waha par raat ko thanda lagege ki nahi lagega  sweter lelena bhai.
Feb : kaha par No kahana hai ,Learn to say No Paisa Dena tirupati.
Feb : Data - information ko ache se revision Karo kyu ki mere kama data information par hi hai. Ubhi ache se detail me Karo.
Mar : Meating se Jo pahle karna hai sab kar lo bhai, Manager se bahut badiya relationship banaye rakho, never asked time in between meating.
Mar : apna pura plan kisi ko mat batao.(Like Saurav).
Mar ; Guruji ne bole the n daat me kuch fash Gate hai to usi ko nikal na hai(uisa nahi hona chahiye)
Mar : kabi bhi tumko meating me documents kole kar explain Karo to pahle pura document check kar loo.
Mar : Sara document ko online kar doo(DSA Copy)
Mar :Rahul koi chij agree hai ,or tumko fayda hai kid Jana chahiye
Mar : Koi bhi chig implement kar rahe hoo n to complete btaim me soch loo pahle bhai kaise karna hai kya output ayega , isse time save hoga.
MAR : Hamesh kush hoke Sona hai raat Mai ki Saab kuch sahi chal raha hai.
MAR : kabhi apna location batoo to ,shop - near by big thing -location
Mar : DSA par iese time do 5 to 10 minutes solution sochane me 10 minutes code  karne me nahi ata hai solution dekho bhai.
